
    .--------------------------------------.
    |  OFa Admin Environment               |
    '--------------------------------------'

  The ofa admin environment is a standard ofa environment running 
  the "ofaadm" Graft Product.

  Uses
  ----

  This environment is useful at the ofa master and distribution 
  servers. Many times, those are one and the same. 

  There are two main purposes: 

    Managing the Master:
   
    - Maintain code and configuration resources for the base and core, 
      as well as any graft products in use. 
    - Generate the Deployment Package using the bundle_ofa.sh script.

    Deploying ofa:

    - Maintain the Ofatab.rc configuration file
    - Run deployments using the deploy_ofa.sh script.

  Specific Implementation
  -----------------------

    Architecture

      The peculiar thing about this environment is that it
       * is owned by the ofa "core" owner
       * has its structure implanted not under "local", but "stuff"
         (under $OFA_ROOT). 
  
      Notwithstanding, just like any other graft product, it needs
      symlinks from "local" as well as $HOME:
    
        * /ofa/local/ofaadm -> ofa
        * ~/ofaadm -> /ofa
  
    Product Switching

      As you maintain products, you must be able to switch to them and load them. 

      As a matter of fact, as long as you-re in the "ofaadm" graft product, resources
      pertaining to the other graft products are abstracted from you. 
      Every specific product environment only "sees" resources relevant to itself.
      "ofaadm" is no exception. 

      Therefore, an alias for each graft product is created to load its environment:

        ofaadm       # loads ofaadm ofa environment
        base         # loads ofa base environment
        oracle       # loads ofa oracle environment
        sybase       # loads ofa sybase environment
        ...

      The product list is taken from the resource file $OFA_ETC/ofaadm/ofa_reflist.graft. 
      This same file is used by the bundle_ofa.sh script when generating the package.

      Loading these environments enables you to navigate them, display documentation 
      and run their scripts.
      Note that when the underlying product is not present, e.g. Oracle or Sybase, you
      might be be limited in testing scripts, for example. 
      This should be done in sepearate environments anyway, as testing and deveopment
      pollute a lot. Remember you are creating the package from this environment.

  Maintaining the Master
  ----------------------

    Only Generic Resource Files

      The Master being your source for deployment packages, only generic files should be
      kept there. 
    
      As a rule, do not maintain files at the master that should be maintained locally. 
      Overwriting of a local configuration file with an obsolete version from the master 
      should be avoided at all costs.
     
      It is the responsibility of the maintainer to make sure of this.

    Generating The Package

      This is done via the bundle_ofa.sh script, which takes no arguments. 
      Type "ofa bundle_ofa.sh" for details.
    
      Package Contents

        There is only one deployment package. It contains all products in use.
        There is one bundle per graft product, comprised of two archives:
          - One for the Graft product
          - One for the Base. 
          The base archive always comprises the admin package, too (it is part of the core). 
          It also comprises a current blueprint of the ofa master itself.
        Bundle archives are extracted as-is at the target during deployment.
        Consequently, the full ofa is contained in every target environment, but only
        the relevant parts are installed.

    Deploying ofa

      This is done using the deploy_ofa.sh script.
      Deployment process is driven by the Oratab.rc file. 
      Type "ofa deploy_ofa.sh" for more.

